Sure enough, if I'm going to get those scriptures,
I'm going to have to defeat you first, aren't I?
You kept yourself quiet and out of sight all this time,
but now you've taken some rather bold action.
I couldn't stand having the truth being hidden any longer.
Bring it.
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 13: A Pair of One-Eyes"
I'll take a piece of that fight.
Sounds interesting.
Captain Shinmon...
What's the matter? Are we doing this?
This is no time for us to be quarreling. Let me hear what you have to say.
Hey!
Don't go looking at Mr. Almighty here and lose your nerve.
I've always thought that among all the captains,
you're one who would give me a run for my money.
Apparently Haijima has a real piece of work, too.
If you're not going to fight, then why are you here?
You're here looking for Holy Sol Temple secrets, right?
I'm here to give you some leads.
Leads?
I don't understand what's happening.
What is the captain of the 1st doing here?
For that matter, you two know each other?
Burns was someone who acted as a liaison
between the Holy Sol Temple's public and private faces.
He used to look after me a lot once upon a time.
At least until the time we had our Adolla Link.
Adolla Link? Shinra from the 8th mentioned the same thing.
It happened when there was a mass outbreak of Infernals at Amaterasu.
There was an incident at Amaterasu?
I never heard of anything as major as that.
Of course not. Amaterasu has to be seen as safe.
This isn't something that could be made public.
Which is exactly the reason why pariahs like us were called in.
There's one left.
The other Shadows will have taken down all the others.
The target is in there.
There it is.
I'll take it.
Wait. Something's off.
Not a problem!
Burns, what's going on in the outside world?
Human combustion is still happening, right?
Yes, it is. Infernals are still popping up.
So it sucks both on the surface, and in the Nether.
The world is filled with sorrow, and seeks the salvation of Sol.
So simply turning to God in prayer will save it?
No, I don't want to rely on anything, nor am I seeking salvation.
I'm looking for something more clear-cut than that.
The ill will of this world... Religion... Government...
Those who manipulate the goodwill of people to their own advantage
lead the world to suck even more.
I want to know what the world is. Why does the world suck?
I want to see the truth!
A higher dimension... The world... Truth... Laws...
Insects... Mathematics...
Hell...
God...
52!
My eye!
Are you okay, 52?!
Was that... a hallucination?
What did we... just see?
That was no hallucination. We were pulled into a different space.
Look at this.
That world...
...actually exists!
Do you still have that stone?
The stone you brought back from Adolla?
It still continues to burn inside an oxygen-free jar, even now.
That higher-dimensional being we saw back then--
the Holy Sol Temple is hiding something huge about that one.
The clues to the truth you want to learn...
...are in here.
Take a look through it.
What is it?
The notebook of the wife of Raffles I, founder of the Holy Sol Temple.
His wife's notebook? I came here looking for hidden scriptures.
Nothing like that exists.
How would you know that?
Because like you, I have looked into the Holy Sol Temple for a long time.
Ever since the day of our Adolla Link.
That world shattered all of my perceptions.
It made me skeptical toward this world,
and I started investigating to learn the truth.
What I arrived at as a result of that investigation...
...is this single book.
I used my position as captain of the 1st
and started looking into everything.
But there was nothing inside the church
that connected to the Holy Sol Temple's past.
This book... ...is something I stumbled upon by chance
while investigating the forgotten Nether.
And you say it belonged to the wife of Raffles I?
The contents of the book
are a diary from the Day of the Cataclysm
until the Holy Sol Temple and empire were established.
It has a detailed account of the founder, Raffles I.
The description of the establishment of the Tokyo Empire
is the same one that all of us citizens know, as appears in the scriptures.
The writing says that a caravan centered around Raffles I
discovered an Adolla Burst after a long journey,
and built Amaterasu, which would become the core of the empire.
So it's just like the scriptures say,
and the Holy Sol Temple isn't hiding anything, is that what you're saying?
Come off it.
That isn't what you should be focusing on.
It's the way Raffles I was acting, as seen by his wife.
"The caravan that was traveling with Raffles
had been completely wiped out when he returned."
"I was happy that at least Raffles had returned home safely.
But ever since he came back, he's been acting like he's a different person."
"Though his appearance is unchanged,
his mannerisms and idiosyncrasies have been as though he was another man.
I can scarcely believe that he is the same man
that I have been married to for 30 years," she says.
No matter how great a shock he received from the experience,
would it change his mannerisms and idiosyncrasies to those of another man?
Seems like I've heard this tale before.
Hmm?
In Asakusa, there was someone with the ability
to turn himself and others into dead ringers for other people.
That just happened recently, though.
We're talking 250 years ago for this.
Infernals have no life expectancy.
It's possible that this being, like the Evangelist,
is an inhuman, higher-dimensional being.
The Holy Sol Temple could be a religion that was set up
by an inhuman being who had taken Raffles's place.
Then that's all the more reason to tear this religion down now!
Just a minute. Are you sure we can even trust that book?
Its origins notwithstanding,
the fact is that the Holy Sol Temple now offers emotional support to the people.
Bringing it down would create chaos.
First the caravan is wiped out, then Raffles I comes back changed.
That's assuming this diary is accurate, like you say it is.
Do the current Holy Sol Temple folks know about this?
It's likely that the current emperor, Raffles III, doesn't know.
No one knows the truth about what happened 250 years ago.
Which means that even if we keep searching the Holy Sol Temple,
there won't be anything connecting to the Evangelist.
Huh? Yona?!
You turned yourself into Raffles I and created the Holy Sol Temple?
That's right. The Raffles I you read about in the scriptures was me.
The Holy Sol Temple is a religion I started under the Evangelist's order.
All to manipulate human will to our advantage,
and lead them to Adolla.
All by the grace of the Evangelist.
I'll make today's little incident go away.
Yeah.
Though I have to say, Captain of the 7th,
you're an even bigger tough guy than I'd heard.
I don't know what you mean by that,
but back in Asakusa, that's a compliment.
Luckily, you pulled your punches some, so the damage was minimal.
Moreover, they were always hidden in the shadows.
And only one dead. I should be able to keep this an internal matter.
But what are you going to do now?
The truth is in the dark, just like the eye you lost.
I can still see the truth with just one eye.
Let's go, Almighty.
There are still a whole lot of things I have to investigate.
It sounds like you've decided what you're going to look into next.
You could say that.
"Haijima Industries"
Haijima Industries.
Since they worked with the Holy Sol Temple to build Amaterasu,
there may be a connection to the Evangelist there.
And you may learn who Raffles I really was.
Still, when you say Haijima,
they have facilities all over the empire.
You don't know where you should be looking.
I guess that means hitting them one at a time.
Haijima, huh? They make the medicine that Konro needs,
so I can't go breaking in there.
You didn't consider that given the ties between them and the Holy Sol Temple,
they might cut off his medicine after today's incident?
Not even a little bit.
I'll take care of that, as well.
In return, I want you to check out Haijima.
In my position, I can't take any action against Haijima.
"Haijima Industries"
These models lately have been giving us nothing but lousy results.
That's for sure. This is a big waste of time.
But you have that one with all S-ratings under your supervision, right?
I'd sure like to trade you for that one.
Yeah, I envy you, too. Our models are all worse than scrap.
Your model is that one child, right?
Yeah, the one Rekka Hoshimiya's Insect ignited--
Nataku Son.
Sleepy... Good morning.
G-Good morning!
The power source for the Chinese Peninsula's "Amaterasu" was a human.
I can't believe we can't announce that to the public.
'Sup, Shinra.
'Sup, Vulcan.
Breakfast, right?
My latest creation is in the kitchen. Go try it out.
Latest creation?
Go and see. Give me your feedback after using it.
What in the world did he make?
"Kitchen"
This is his latest creation?!
Oh damn, that is some exquisite craftsmanship!
But try it out? What am I supposed to do to try it out? Oh, damn...
Oh, damn...!
"Lisa"
This is the new creation!
A mixer?!
Ow... Huh? You're the real Lisa-san? Why are you here at the 8th?
I'm going to be staying here for a bit while I recuperate.
Oh, sure! Lisa-san, you're more than welcome here!
I'm still with the Knights of the Ashen Flame, under the Evangelist.
I may betray you once again.
As long as you're at the 8th, you won't ever want to.
Your opinion right now means very little.
But, I will be in your care for a little while. Let's make the most of it.
Welcome to the 8th!
Huh? This is Vulcan-san's newest creation?
Wh-What happens when I... press these buttons sticking out here?
You people...
To celebrate Lisa Isarabi-kun getting out of the hospital,
a toast, with protein smoothies!
--Cheers! --Cheers!
Want me to make you your own personal mechanical boobs?
Say, could someone hand me a tissue?
Stop spilling that.
This is pretty good, and not too sweet. Could we make these at our place?
I'm sure Waka would like them.
You just blend the ingredients together. Anyone can make them.
If I can ask, Lieutenant Konro, what brings you by so early?
The lieutenant is here to report on an investigation
that Captain Benimaru conducted on the Holy Sol Temple.
It wasn't so much an investigation as a throw-down at the Imperial Seat.
A throw-down?!
Mm-hmm, together with a suspicious man named Joker.
Captain Shinmon... and Joker?
Why was this, now?
Huh?
The notebook of Raffles I's wife?
You're telling us that Raffles I, the one who founded the Holy Sol Temple,
was an imposter who had taken his place?
And that the current Holy Sol Temple doesn't know anything about it?
If so, then there's no sense in delving into the Holy Sol Temple anymore.
There's plenty of room to question just how reliable this information is.
Excuse me.
If I may?
Sure.
You may not believe what I say,
but there was no sign of the Evangelist having any connection with the Holy Sol Temple.
Also--
Thank you for saying that. You don't have to push yourself.
Let's go on out for a bit.
Excuse me. I'm going to go take her to her room.
Thanks.
It seems more likely that Haijima, where Dr. Giovanni was,
has some kind of connection to the Evangelist.
But it will be difficult to investigate Haijima.
What are you talking about? We just need to charge in there,
like Benimaru, and bowl them over.
That would be too dangerous!
Where exactly are you planning to charge in, you dumb knight?!
What have you been listening to? Haijima, of course, you dumb devil!
--Die! --No, you die! --In other words, when you just say "Haijima,"
--You die first! --In other words, when you just say "Haijima,"
--No, you die first! --In other words, when you just say "Haijima,"
--No, you! --In other words, when you just say "Haijima,"
--No, you! --the company is involved with just about every industry in the Tokyo Empire.
--the company is involved with just about every industry in the Tokyo Empire.
When you include its subsidiaries,
its multiple enterprises have merged together, complementing each other,
and playing a key role in every business concern out there.
Take clothing for example. Haijima is wrapped up in everything
from the materials needed to the design and production involved.
As far as food goes, from contributing the raw materials,
to providing the cookware and the storefronts,
Haijima goods are there at every turn.
Roughly 70% of the country's population works at a Haijima-related company.
"Haijima-related: 70%" "All others: 30%"
Hmm...
Even the Fire Force is nominally a Haijima-related organization.
Then am I a suspect, too?
Getting the complete picture on Haijima is hard to do, given its size.
Plus, I have no idea how we would investigate them.
Who do we know that's familiar with Haijima's inner workings?
Inspector Licht!
Come to think of it, where is Inspector Licht?
Apparently, he's been called in to none other than Haijima,
concerning his report on the Chinese Peninsula.
Huh?
"Haijima Group, Haijima Paper Manufacturing Building"
Hey there, Captain Hibana. Hello.
I read your report.
You didn't need to touch on Amaterasu's power source,
or Haijima's abilities development, did you?
That's actually the reason why the president called me in.
It's usually a mystery where he is.
You're going to get eliminated.
I thought you were a Haijima dog,
but then you go and bite your master's hand.
What are you after?
"President's Office"
About your report...
Your job is to be our spy inside Special Fire Force Company 8, right?
"Haijima Industries President" "Gureo Haijima"
Yes, and to keep watch over Shinra Kusakabe.
Even if this power generator thing on the Chinese Peninsula
did use a person possessing an Adolla Burst as its fuel source,
it's groundless to assert that the empire's Amaterasu is the same.
Even worse, you can't possibly argue that this fuel source
and the company's charitable work in developing the pyrokinesis of orphans
are in any way linked!
It's all right.
I asked you here today to do a job for us.
Bring Shinra Kusakabe to our laboratory.
All right, if you'll excuse me...
He has an overly inquisitive mind.
Doing away with him would be the safe play.
Luckily, he is unpowered. We can pass it off as human combustion.
And if we do it on the premises, covering it up will be a simple matter.
Very well.
Once Viktor Licht brings Shinra Kusakabe here,
we'll kill him.
"To be continued"
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The 8th ends up investigating Haijima Industries.
The suspicious facility they make their way inside
has a patently dangerous-looking man.
Huh? Shinra-san, you know this man?
I am ridiculously powerful against the weak.
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 14, "The Ashen Reaper."
"Episode 14: The Ashen Reaper"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org